hey everybody this is Robin with my life
as a marine life and I want to do a
product review regarding my HP
photosmart 6000 520 all-in-one printer
now I purchased this printer to replace
the one that after six years of loyal
service went so I was looking for one
that was going to get and stand up to
the demand that I use my printers for
there's a lot of things that I do I do
scrapbooking I print photos I do flyers
and things for my church and for other
activities as well as print up reports
for school and all that good stuff so I
needed something that was going to stick
up to the demand and after looking at
all the reviews I tend to stick with HP
because I like the quality of the
product and the longevity I get first
you know get a good bang for my buck it
works out really well so I found this
one and I liked it so I ordered it this
is a wireless system it does not have a
USB cable however you need one you can
purchased one for like $10 at any local
store it is Wi-Fi capable so you don't
need to hook it up to the machines to
use it you just have to have a Wi-Fi
signal and does wonderful quality of
photo printing um and I'll show you this
is a professional photo from the Marine
Corps baldest no past November and I
purchased the rights to print my own
photo so I can buy wine and have the CD
and sent off to my family this is and
that was a matte finish photography this
is a gloss finish from the printer there
is no striations alone from where you
see the printer doing its job and all
that winter stuff it's wonderful clarity
good crisp edges it's beautiful so I
really like the photo quality that came
out it scans it prints it does two-sided
copies which saves a lot of time and
less waste of paper and as well as it
does eat backs so if you happen to be
one of those people that send off faxes
you have the availability to do this
during setup you can also if you happen
to do more faxes than the free four
pages a month you can subscribe to for a
fee for
you do kind of it's depending on how you
need to use it there's a way to get it
so anyways it's easy setup it's one
little card is if you know how to do
your email you got it it you print up
the imprint you type in the information
answer a few questions these two talk to
each other and you're done and once
you're finished with that it'll print up
a completion page that has your eFax
address and there you go there is look
like I said there's no USB cord the
price runs between 100 and 150 dollars
so it is kind of pricey but if you need
something of quality you're going to get
it with this product and the ink
cartridge was the only thing I was kind
of drawn back from wasn't sure about I'm
used to the big block chunky ink
cartridges that you usually get that run
about $20 these are slimmer cartridges
but because machine doesn't use a lot of
the ink like the other ones other older
printers would do you actually get a lot
more printing availability for you're
not wasting a lot so you're just
actually saving yourself money the ink
cartridges run about thirty six dollars
for the black and 39 for the color so it
was almost like eighty dollars for the
ink cartridges and I was like Willy
that's expensive but I've had these
cartridges from the beginning of
December we're not at the end of January
and I still have a lot of ink with the
amount of use and I use this printer for
so I'm really amazed at that
so I'm actually getting my money's worth
it does have the photo card slot so you
can take your camera's memory stick and
put it in there it has applications on
the touchscreen pad and no this is not
an iPhone it's actually the pop-up
display it's touch screen so you can go
through and look at the applications
that you can download on this like I
said it's Wi-Fi you can grab a signal
you can go online and download more apps
say crossword puzzles activity sheets
for your kids even coloring sheets comic
strips things of that nature it also
does us
theme pages it's awesome I'm not kidding
about that but it's all touchscreen
easily to understand and it navigates
you through it should something come up
and error or whatever as well as if you
haven't have a smartphone or a tablet it
has an application that you download for
your smartphone and let me take you to
it you might have it under productivity
it is right there right next to my
calculator and it's also on my iPad as
well and so anywhere you're at you can
send a picture or a document from those
items and send it over the wonderful
waves of technology to your printer to
print up at home should you be out of
town so I love that about it I'm just
crazy about it so overall review of this
product out of 110 I give this bad boy
in 11 mm so if you're looking for a new
printer and you do a lot more activities
justice standard pages of print this bad
boys for you so you guys I hope you
liked the review if you have any
questions about it please send them my
way and I'll answer what I can step
forgive me everybody